# Sequential-Network-Structure-Optimization

This repository contains the code used to construct the simulation environment and run the experiments presented in the paper Sequential Stochastic Network Structure Optimization with Applications To Addressing Canada's Obesity
Epidemic.

## Dependencies

- python 3.8.5
- numpy 1.19.2
- pandas 1.2.0
- matplotlib 3.3.2
- networkx 2.5
- scipy 1.5.2
- scikit-learn 0.23.2

## Usage

### Data

The 2015/2016 Canadian Community Health Survey: Public Use Microdata File comprised the raw data employed for this project. It can be requested (free of charge) at https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/en/catalogue/82M0013X2019001.

The raw data was processed using the script src/data_processing_script.py. This script can be executed using the following command inside the src directory:

```sh
python data_processing_script.py
```

Note that to execute this script, the user must separately download the raw data (the raw data was omitted as the file is quite large) and save the raw data folder with the file path given by "src/data/CCHS Annual 2015_2016 PUMF". The output of running this script is stored in src/data/processed_data.csv.

### Running Experiments

The script src/driver_script.py is the script used to launch experiments. This
scripts takes 3 command line inputs:

1) The number of trials to execute (int)
2) The parameter that will be varied across experiments. This must be an element
of the list ['num_agents', 'm', 'T'] written without quotation marks.
3) The file path where the simulation results should be saved.

From the src directory, the experiments can be launched by running the following three commands:

```sh
python driver_script.py 10 num_agents experiment_results/num_agents_10trials.pickle

python driver_script.py 10 T experiment_results/T_10trials.pickle

python driver_script.py 10 m experiment_results/m_10trials.pickle
```

The output of running these commands are included in the src/experiment_results directory.

### Plot Generation

The plots presented in the main manuscript and accompanying technical appendix can be generated using the script src/plot_generation_script.py. This script requires 4 command line arguments:

1) The file path where the num_agents parameter simulation results are stored.
2) The file path where the T parameter simulation results are stored.
3) The file path where the m parameter simulation results are stored.
4) The root of the file path where the generated plots should be saved.

From the src directory, the plots can be generated by running the following command:

```sh
python plot_generation_script.py experiment_results/num_agents_10trials.pickle experiment_results/T_10trials.pickle experiment_results/m_10trials.pickle plots/Final_
```
The output of the above command can be found in the src/plots directory.
